
If you'd like to help us in this project, follow these steps

Source Documents:

1. Articles collected by CK Raju http://booktype-demo.sourcefabric.org/memoirs-of-jinesh/
2. Articles published in malayal.am http://malayal.am/user/77/articles

Converting to tex:

1. Check if a document is already converted to tex formatting.
2. If an article is not converted, copy the content and apply
tex formatting (use any existing document as reference).
5. Convert any links to references.
4. Add the file to Logbook.tex (see how other files are added).

Copy editing:

If you see an article already in tex, help with the following tasks

1. Spell checking
2. Grammar corrections (check if I is in capital letters).
3. Spacing (make sure there is a space before a 'bracket' is started,
space after a 'comma' or full stop etc.)
4. Split long lines to make small changes easy to track.
5. See if any link has missing references.

Once you complete the review add the file name to REVIEW.txt 

Generating PDF:

Install kile, texlive-xetex, texlive-latex-extra packages. Select XeLateX
from kile toolbar to generate PDF.

note: you should compile the source file twice. (this is to get the table of contents updated) 

Workflow:

1. Sign up for an account with gitorious.org (optionally you can send
patches, but opening an account makes it easy for you to contribute).
2. Upload your SSH key (ssh-keygen will create a key and gitorious
'Dashboard' ie, https://gitorious.org/ when you are logged in, has option 
to upload your key)
3. Clone the repo using 'Clone repository' button on project page
(https://gitorious.org/logbook-of-an-observer/logbook-of-an-observer).
This will create a copy of the repository for your personal use.
4. Clone the repo to your local machine
git clone <url for your pesonal repo>
You can see the url next to 'Clone & push urls' on your personal repo.
5. Make your changes locally. git add, git commit, git push.
6. Request your changes to be merged using 'Request Merge' button.
(You may ask for commit access after first merge request)
